18 July 2017
Interview with Derp (Twitter: @DerpLaughing_)

Odin: I'd love to do a quick interview for my blog, get an update for my file on the CWA from someone who was a member during the big hack
Hacks* lol sorry


Derp: Sure and I saw it. Default was never in CWA and had nothing to do with it by the way, he's just a skid who begged for shit, is delusional and has some weird obsession with Cracka. Provided logs a.k.a snitched just so he doesn't get anything for nothing he done but acted like he did so he can get fame by the media spreading misinformation.

Odin: So was Default working of his own volition? Or do you think he was trying to break up the group on behalf of another group? 

Derp: He saw that me and Cracka fell out and he took the advantage of sucking his dick dry for leaks so he can finally be seen as someone that isn't faking shit like the NASA hack, or stealing random code and adding ASCII art to it.
So he was just trying his best to get whatever he could so he isn't seen as the skid he is. 
I guess you could say he was a parasite.

Odin: Alright, so tell me a bit about why Default is widely viewed as a member of CWA, and how he got wrapped up in the legal troubles with the rest of you.


Derp: Because he would brag about begging for leaks. He got raided only because he would brag. He kept bragging about being friends with Cracka, saying he had leaks that weren't public (Which was really only the Miami officers one that he begged for that he publicised), so naturally feds being feds they thought he was genuinely in CWA so when they told the media they made two arrests he was classed as a CWA member and one my charge papers it still says he was in CWA. None of us know why he's still being classed as having been in CWA but everyone knows he was just seeking fame.


He likes to speak highly of himself and uses other aliases to pretend he has skill, he went on Insecurity IRC like a month of two ago as "l0m1s", I called him out for being a skid and a snitch and he kept saying Default was best friends with Cracka and he done the second most without being in CWA, when everyone in CWA laughed at him being a harmless retard lying for fame and knows all he done was beg.

Odin: I thought there was definitely something off about the Miami PD leak, it just didn't fit your other actions and seemed rushed and unnecessary.


Derp: Default dumped it and said it was because they raided someone in his team, him and everyone from his team have never done anything of interest to the feds which is why get got laughed at, even by NASA for his fake NASA dump which was scraped public FTP servers. He just wanted people to believe him and his team have some rich, hacker life where they go to Miami clubs, do drugs 24/7, etc. It's honestly pathetic.
I don't remember what he said when he kept begging to be given a dump but it happened to be something available and misdirection was good at the point so he was given it, I'm pretty sure it was agreed for him to promote #FreePalestine too but I don't remember him mentioned it at all

Odin: Alright, let's pivot a bit. Why the #FreePalestine movement? Seems like it's done a lot of harm to CWA as the feds like to paint the Terrorist word over that movement.
Derp: Yeah but the more things that are more embarrassing for the targets and the higher up they are, the more attention it will get. So when people see that and don't fully understand it or see the support for the leaks being motivated by that will be more interesting for the reader. You see more people noticing Israel's war crimes on Palestinians for the more attention, the more strength in the movement and the people that know about it but aren't too sure, seeing the support in it and the reasoning and the will of risking freedom and lifestyle to bring more attention to a great movement is warming.
Odin: A lot of the bluster behind the 'CWA terrorist' garbage is because of a tie between a rumored member, MLT, and one of TeaMp0isoN's former members, who is thought to have left country while on bail to join the Islamic State. Can you comment on MLT's former membership, and ties between Poison and CWA?


Derp: I'm pretty sure that rumour started because of how butthurt th3j35t3r was. He lives up to his name and is literally the clown/joke of this scene. He thinks he's an edetective but we didn't have to try to trick him. He knew everyone in CWA followed MLT and he followed them back, so knowing members of the team being friends with someone he already constantly got bullied by, and MLT having been friends and in the same team as Trick who joined ISIS thought he could get some credibility finally. So basically grease ball Jester got mad, saw two teams he didn't like had "ties" of members just being friends and made his delusional fanbase believe there were terroristic ties.
 

Odin: So there wasn't an operational link between MLT (poison) and CWA?

Derp: There wasn't, the only link was being friends. Jester is easily fooled because he eats shit and produces more shit for his braindead followers.

Odin: What's the future of CWA? Two years isn't long, and you seem like you're in the free world now. What's your future and the future of your teammates looking like?


Derp: We'll all still be part of CWA/DotGovz, just being normal and ourselves. Since about November we've all been chillin in our Discord server. But with me, it's either in the IT field or Royal Marines, and the others I'm not really too sure about. I think our future really depends on what the final outcome of our cases will be. Only me and Cracka are the last two in the team waiting for our final outcome, I was given 2 weeks assessment by the Youth Offenders Team, so based on that I'll either get 12 months referral which will be better for me to ensure my future will be good or I'll get sentenced to 2+ years but with Cracka I can't say too much other than his case isn't looking too good but that will also depend on the outcome which I don't really know what the choices would be.

